when coming to church on their eyes for
about four years now and when I first
came I didn't really believe and I
started going to storm youth group and
that really changed my life and I'm
going to bible school next year I go to
connection groups because it's an
opportunity for me to develop
relationships with other people serving
on the production team has been a blast
we can come in be a part of the service
rather than just sitting in the service
and receiving I'm able to be a part in
and pour out and contribute to the
service as well we are glad that you are
here today we started church on the rise
with you and your family in mind we are
a church or the whole family hello
thanks for checking out church on the
rise we're a non-denominational church
located in the heart of West Lake one
mile south of crockett park what this
church on the rise have to offer so glad
you asked as a church for the whole
family we're committed to helping you
connect with God in every area of your
life no matter what age or stage of life
you're in learn about God in a relaxed
and welcoming atmosphere worship with us
each week at one of our high-energy
life-changing services and we say it's a
sin to bore people in church a church on
the rise we specialize in children and
youth ministry children love our fun and
exciting services and classes that are
geared just for their age levels
hundreds of young people gather each
week at our state-of-the-art Youth
Center where they hear cutting-edge
christian music receive relevant
messages
and build positive relationships God has
and always will use relationships to
propel us to our purpose and destiny and
that's why we have a number of
connection groups to help you grow
spiritually and connect with others a
church on the rise by serving in one of
our 30 ministries or outreaches the suit
your gifting you'll be connecting with
god people and service and your life
will never be the same don't do life
alone we hope you'll join us at church
on the rise where we purpose to love God
connect people and serve together
you